Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2020-12-28T19:32:06-08:00

[[Player Compendium|Compendium]]

====== Tik ======


Gremlin named Tikalter (aka Tik). Born in the goblin lands and hadn’t known about his gifts with nature.
	  He had often joined in fights and liked it for a while until after the spoils of one of his fights he came across a stray book found in the muck. The book was for the most part destroyed and should have been thrown away but to Tik is was a new treasure. It had taken him a while to decipher the Elvhen language but not impossible and he soon became infatuated. That book then sparked his desire for knowledge. Little by little he stopped fighting alongside his brethren and started making treks farther and farther from his home. 
	 During one of his journeys he was meandering about, his nose stuck in a story he had recently immersed himself into until the world gave from under him. His stomach lurched and his legs gave way as a sinkhole crumpled beneath him. His tiny body rocketed towards to ground and in a state of panic, a scream tore from his throat and he thrust his arm out. In a sudden rush, vines entangled him and halted his possibly fatal fall and gently lowered him to the floor. 
	  Tik didn’t take much time to process his near death experience (nor his sudden surge in Druidic capabilities) as he rushed to the nearest wall and started analyzing the script on the ruin walls. From then on Tik has been going from ruin to town to ruin in search of books, information on ruins, cyphers, and more. (Idk if you want to talk about some of the things he’s found on his journeys. They don’t have to be magic. But I don’t think he’d sell a lot of the stuff he’s found unless it’s too big for him to lug around all the time)

After every trek to a ruin he joins up with his clan of Kobolds that he’s bonded with and brings them to the ruins he was deemed safe and excavates certain items and loads it onto their caravan to sell at the next town they come across.
