Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-01-31T11:06:44-08:00

[[Player Compendium|Compendium]]

====== Varis Felwintre ======


Varis never knew his parents. As was told to him by his adoptive mother, he was found in an unkempt bundle of rags outside the local tavern. Lyra Fairwintre, in her early 20’s at the time, was the owner of that tavern. She immediately knew the child was a half-elf, but she had sympathy for the fragile little thing. So Lyra raised him as her own, in the comforts of her tavern. Thankfully for Varis, he seemed to exhibit more elvish traits. Growing up, Varis helped out around the tavern. He became quite a charismatic fellow, always seeming to make others laugh. He was also an adept trickster, often skimming money from ungracious customers or from those who insulted Lyra or her establishment. Lyra of course caught wind of this, but instead of disciplining him, she taught him what she knew. She once belonged to a group of thieves, and her expertise was pickpocketing and conning. Varis learned how to cheat at cards, and he in turn learned how to do neat tricks with them. One day, when he was about 13 years old, a traveling bard passed through and stayed in their tavern. As soon as he got up to play, Varis’s heart stopped. The sounds that came out of his instrument were so lively, so joyful, rambunctious yet serene, dramatic whilst being tranquil, that Varis knew he had to have it. He convinced the bard to teach him how to play his instrument, a crwth, and Varis was a fairly quick learner. As a parting gift, the bard gave him his crwth, saying he can always make another one. 

When Varis was 15, Lyra’s tavern began to go under. She owed some people money, had to keep up the establishment, and not as many people visited her tavern as much anymore. Varis decided right then and there that he would help his mother’s tavern get back up on its feet. Varis started being a contract thief, though other times he used his unique talents for other things. He would beat up people, con others, steal their valuables, and on one occasion he was instructed to kill the target… which he did with great hesitation. He does not like to kill, and avoids it when he can. To date, he has only killed three individuals, one of which was a contractor who turned his back on his word. Today, Varis continues to help out around the tavern and perform for others in the streets, in hopes that one day he can save his mother’s business.








